APPLICATION:  tetCapsid-lbfgsb

USE:  Three-dimensional, linear tetrahedral mesh is read in as input to this 
program, which imposes a one-dimensional, "indentation"-like deformation.  The 
material is hyperelastic, using a compressible neo-Hookean formulation.  The 
solver used for this application is L-BFGS-B. 

CALL: Using executable run file, which is in the application directory, the 
program is run.  Text of run file must be changed to reflect the user's needs. 
Example run file:  

 ./tetCapsid_lbfgsb CCMVMesh0227071 -c yes -H 20 -b no

Where CCMVMesh0227071.vtk is the VTK file containing the linear tetrahedral 
mesh to be read in.  .vtk extension is added during the running of the program,
so be sure to leave off in run file or command line execution.

There are several flags that determine what the program will do.

1) c:  yes/no.  If yes, the boolean compressFlag is set to be true, meaning 
indentation will be performed.  If no, compressFlag is set to be false, no 
deformation will be imposed.

2) H: double value, must be positive.  This value is the FINAL height of the 
object being indented.

3) b: yes/no.  If yes, the boolean boundaryConditionFlag is set to be true, 
meaning boundary conditions will be imposed.  Boundary conditions are used to
contstrain apices of the structure, such that no movement is allowed in the
x, y, and z directions for those two points.  

4) R: restart file name must be added.  Use this flag if restart is desired.
Restart file is a .vtk file that has displacement of nodes, and this 
displacement is used to reset the nodal Point values, where Position contains
the reference configuration.  ONE IMPORTANT THING TO KNOW IS THAT UPON RUNNING,
THE NUMBER OF STEPS (DISCUSSED BELOW) SHOULD BE ALTERED TO REFLECT THE NUMBER
OF STEPS THAT WERE COMPLETED.  Without altering the number of steps, the step
size will decrease, reflecting that the final height is the same, while the 
'initial' height is lower due to partial completion.

INPUT FILES:  There are several input files that must exist in the directory
where the program exists.

1) parameters.inp:  Contains ten pieces of data necessary for the program to
run.  These variables represnet material and basic program information.

	E (double) - Young's modulus, where units should be consistent with
		input length/force units.  For instance, if structure has
		length units of nm, there is a one-to-one conversion between
		MPa and pN/nm^2, such that a value of E=200 produces force
		results with units of pN.
	nu (double) - Poisson's ratio
	viscosity (double) - A viscous regularizer is automatically added to 
		the body, and helps to stabilize the structure for the solver.
		If no viscosity is desired, set viscosity parameter to ZERO.
		The higher the viscosity parameter, the more 'viscous' and 
		damping is applied, which can add time to solving.
	k1 (double) - Penalty coefficient if Augmented Lagrangian Contact is
		used.
	afmR (double) - The radius of the indenting AFM tip.  If a flat 
		indenter is desired, set negative.
	afmX (double) - X-coordinate where center of AFM tip should be placed 
		(used in case center of mesh is not at 0.0).
	afmY (double) - Y-coordinate where center of AFM tip should be placed 
		(used in case center of mesh is not at 0.0).
	f.c. (bool) - If 1, frictional contact will be applied between mesh
		surfaces and AFM/plate surfaces.  Rough friction. 
	steps (int) - Number of steps to break indentation into.  Step size = 
		(Hin-Hfinal)/steps.
	vrtol (double) - Tolerance for viscous regularizer.

2) lbfgsb.inp:  Contains four variables necessary for L-BFGS-B solver.
Description of these variables can be found in the Lbfgsb.h file in the Solver/
directory.

	iprint (int)
	factr (double)
	pgtol (double)
	m (int)

OUTPUT:  The result of this program is a series of output .vtk files that
contain only reference configuration of mesh and displacement vectors.  If more
information is desired, such as nodal forces, stresses, etc., the postProcess
executable must be run with the correct .vtk filename substituted.

Comman line example:  ./postProcess disp00.000000.vtk